one sunday tom told his brother dan
that he was going hiking with his friend
chris the next saturday
the police found tom unconscious in the
forest
dan said he had been working all week as
for chris
he was found wandering along the highway
he explained that he had gotten lost in
the forest
almost immediately after they had
arrived and just found his way home
one of the guys was lying who was it
[Music]
look at chris he's too well shaven for a
man who spent a week in the woods
there are five girls in the room ashley
is drawing
olivia is reading maria is playing hide
and seek
and emma is tidying up what's sarah
doing
sarah is playing hide and seek with
maria of course
what number is missing a small hint
it's not number four
number five is missing the subsequent
number of two three four
is two three five in the small
town of sunshine valley three teachers
went on a sick leave
all on the same day jenna says she got
into a car accident and broke her leg
so she can't walk emma complained she
had a very unfortunate workout
and injured her neck so she can't turn
her head
and tina says she fell from a bike and
fractured her
arm but one of them is lying can you
tell who
it's jenna if she can't walk why does
she even have a crutch to hold her up
if it's raining at midnight can you
expect that in
72 hours it'll be sunny
nope in 72 hours it's gonna be night
again
in the room there are two people both of
them sitting
but if one of them stands up they won't
be able to take the other one's place
whatever they do
how is that possible
the second person is sitting on the
first one's lab
a father tells his teenage daughter you
arrived very late at 3 a.m
and made us all worry a lot i don't want
this situation to repeat
his daughter though replies that it will
never happen again
how can she be so sure
the father was talking about the birth
of his daughter
an art expert paid big money at an
auction for a painting that he knew
didn't cost anything he was an honest
man and didn't have any criminal
intentions
why did he buy this picture
although the painting cost nothing its
frame was a beautiful and expensive
piece of art
a street food vendor has a sign on his
stall saying
one hot dog one and a half dollars three
hot dogs
five dollars he knows it's more
expensive to buy three
but doesn't change his size why
each time a customer saw his sign they
would buy one hot dog
then another and then a third one
totaling up to four dollars and fifty
cents
thus everyone's happy the customers
think they're clever
and the vendor gets his sales up
during a fire a bank was robbed the
security guard told the police
that he wanted to save a bag of money
but he had to crouch to tie his boot
just in front of the emergency exit at
that moment
the door opened and hit him on the head
when he came to
the money was missing why was the
security guard arrested
[Music]
well all emergency doors open outwards
you find yourself in a photo gallery
after looking at the wall
you realize that one of the pictures
doesn't belong to the rest
you see a raccoon a llama a football
and a balloon can you tell which is the
odd one out
it's the llama picture the other three
objects have two double letters in their
names
but the llama only has one double
there's a barrel of water in the yard
you look inside
and say that it's more than half full
but your friend
argues that it's less than half full how
to figure out who's right
without using any measuring tools or
removing water from the barrel
[Music]
tilt the barrel so that the water
touches the rim
if you can see the bottom the barrel is
less than half full
if the bottom is still covered with
water it's more
sam and his brother john were always
fighting their mother couldn't take it
anymore
and came up with a clever plan to stop
them she told the boys to stand on the
same piece of paper in such a way
that they didn't touch each other and it
worked the boys couldn't fight anymore
how did she do it
the woman slipped the paper under a
closed door
and made sam stand on one side and john
on the other there is a bridge that is
one mile long
it can hold only 5 000 pounds at one
time
that's exactly the weight of the truck
that's crossing it
the truck reaches the middle of the
bridge and stops
suddenly a bird lands on the truck is
the bridge going to collapse
[Music]
the bridge isn't going to break down
because the truck has already used some
gas to get to the middle
and therefore weighs less than five
thousand pounds
a young woman is sitting near the window
at first she's deep in
thought then she suddenly decides to
throw something out of the window
a couple minutes later she drops on the
floor unconscious
she's perfectly healthy and isn't prone
to sudden faints
there was no one outside to have hit her
either so
what happened
she was knocked out by the very same
thing she'd thrown out the window
it was a boomerang that came back and
hit her on the head
well that was a dumb thing to do two men
are in a room
facing each other one of the men is a
psychic
and can see into the future he predicts
that in 10 minutes
the other man will be hit on the back of
his head of course
shocked and paranoid the other man can't
stop staring
at the clock on the wall and exactly 10
minutes later
he's lying face down on the floor how
could it happen
after 10 minutes the man turned around
to see if there was anyone behind him
at exactly that moment the psychic hit
him on the back of his skull
well i'm starting to think he wasn't a
psychic after all
you walk up to the edge of a forest when
suddenly you see a man in swimming
trunks
goggles and a snorkel going out of the
thicket
and falling on the ground as if
exhausted but you know the nearest body
of water is several miles away
how did the weird man end up in the
forest
there was a huge forest fire and the
plane that was extinguishing it had to
scoop up water from the lake several
miles away
doing it it accidentally captured the
man snorkeling in the lake
he was dropped down together with the
water and miraculously survived
upon receiving an anonymous tip the
police
rushed to a house where a suspect was
said to be
they have no physical description but
they do know his name is john
when the cops reach the place they see
four people sitting at a table a
carpenter
a firefighter a truck driver and a
mechanic
none of which have name tags on their
uniforms
without a moment's hesitation they
arrest a firefighter
so how did they know that's their guy
the firefighter was the only man in the
room all the others at the table were
women
and couldn't be named john a man and his
wife are driving down a highway when
they run out of gas
so the husband decides to walk to the
nearest gas station
which is about an hour's walk away
before he heads off
he tells his spouse to stay in the car
and lock all the doors and windows
the wife bored and wanting to entertain
herself
turns on the radio only to hear some
shocking news
a notorious criminal has escaped from
prison and was last seen
on that very highway where the car is
sitting
the reporter on the news gives a very
detailed description of the escapee
the wife gets so scared that she quickly
turns off the radio
she double checks all the locks but when
she looks up
she sees the escapee just a few feet
away from the car
when the man returns he finds the car
still all locked up
but his wife is nowhere to be seen how
is it possible
the answer is simple the couple had been
driving a convertible with the top down
and the woman wasn't dare we say
terribly bright
an adventurer found a treasure chest in
a cave that was guarded by a pirate
he had three keys gold silver and black
but only one of them could open the
chest the pirate would give the
adventurer
only one chance to reach the treasure if
he chose the right key
he could take the chest if he chose
incorrectly
the pirate would attack him the only
clue
was this cipher which is the right key
[Music]
the cipher is an anagram shuffle the
letters a bit and you'll get
the golden key the adventurer went away
unscathed and the pirate was left
frustrated and treasureless